The GoodFellas Casino
Anson Graumann, Chase Wink, John McIntosh

Welcome to the GoodFellas Casino!!!

In this casino, you will find yourself 4 different games to play. These games all have different functionality and  are
all unique in their own way. The games are as follows: Roulette, Blackjack, Slots, and if you're feeling lucky, you can
try the Russian Roulette game.

Each of these games has their own set of min and max bets that you can place. These games have been designed to be as
challenging for the player as possible, while still being fun and enjoyable. The games are designed to be as realistic
like how you would play them in a real casino.
The creator of these games are:
- Roulette, Russian Roulette: Chase Wink
- Black Jack: Anson Graumann
- Slots: John McIntosh

We hope you enjoy your time at the GoodFellas Casino and we hope you win big!!!

To start playing as your heart desires, run the MainWindow File in the Casino package. When you run the game, you will
be given free $100 to start playing. Place the amount of chips you want in the text box then click "Buy Chips" to start.
Or if you want to purchase more than $100 worth of chips, you can click the "Buy In" button to purchase more chips. Once
that's all taken care of, you can then select any game you chose to play and start playing. Good luck and have fun!

If you play a game and decide you want to play a different game, you can click the "Main Menu" button to return to the
main menu and select a different game to play. This applies to all games in the casino.

If you were to ever run out of chips to bet, go to the main menu and click "Lenny the Loan Shark" to get a loan up to
$1000. Take the loan and buy more chips so you can keep playing. But be careful, Lenny is a loan shark and he will come
after you if you don't pay back your debt.

Once you're done with the game, go to the main menu if you're still in a game and click "Cash Out" so you can convert
the chips or left over balance to cash and the game will exit.
